---
title: September 18 Release
date: "2019-09-18"
categories: [release]
toc: true
description: "This release introduces Two-Factor Authentication (2FA) for MySheerID and our highly-anticipated Reverification API."
release: September 18
layout: news
---

{% include release-note-head.html %}

## 2-Factor Authentication in MySheerID

SheerID’s customer portal, [MySheerID](https://my.sheerid.com){:target="_blank"}, already has industry standard security measures, such as 256-bit encryption between client and server using TLS 1.2, robust web session management, and automatic logouts.

But in today’s world of cybercrimes, some of our enterprise customers require 2-factor authentication (2FA) as an extra level of protection against unauthorized access to their SheerID accounts and programs.

With this release, you now have the option to require 2FA when your employees sign in to MySheerID. Contact your Account Manager to enable 2FA for your account.

{% include image.md name="2FA Setup" %}

To learn more, see our [Two-Factor Authentication]({{ 'getting-started/account-setup#two-factor-authentication' | relative_url }}) documentation.

## Reverification API

One of our most common customer requests is for *reverification*, or the ability to verify people’s *continued eligibility* for a discount.

We are excited to announce several new reverification endpoints that let you send us lists of `verificationID`s from people verified previously. When we receive a reverification request from you, we will check their status again and respond with a new result. When used in combination with other features like email notifiers and webhooks we can support you in fully automating a reverification process.

<!-- todo: add link here -->
See our Reverification Tutorial to learn more.
