---
title: December 11, 2019 Release
date: "2019-12-11"
categories: [release]
toc: true
description: "Now you can configure reminder emails for users who do not complete the document upload step."
release: December 11, 2019
layout: news
---

{% include release-note-head.html %}

## Re-engagement Emails for Document Upload 

We always want to help you convert as many qualified consumers as possible. 

When a consumer reaches the *Document Upload* step in the verification journey, they may not be ready right then to find and submit the required documentation. It’s easy to get distracted and forget about finishing the journey, and if they do remember, there is not a simple way to pick up where they left off.

With this new feature, if a consumer reaches the Doc Upload step but doesn't submit any documents within 15 minutes (time frame configurable), we send that consumer an email reminding them to finish verifying. The email is only sent once and includes a unique link that lets them complete their verification:

{% include image.md name="Re-engagement Email" %}

This email serves as a reminder to finish the verification, and is a convenient way for the consumer to pick up where they left off. This makes it easier, for example, to start verifying on your mobile phone, then later open the Doc Upload screen on your laptop when you're back in your dorm room and ready to dig up the required document.

To turn on these emails, talk to your Customer Success Manager or send an email to our support team at [productsupport@sheerid.com](mailto:productsupport@sheerid.com).

Content and scheduling options for these reminders are configurable, according to the terms of your services subscription.

Available customizations for the email include:

* Subject line
* From address
* Body content
* Body theming
* Trigger timing

{% include note.html content="Re-engagement messages may also use SMS in addition to email, but requires a different setup. Please contact your Customer Success Manager or [productsupport@sheerid.com](mailto:productsupport@sheerid.com) if you are interested in SMS." %}





