---
title: August 7 Release
date: "2019-08-07"
categories: [release]
toc: true
description: "Our August 7 release brings two highly anticipated features to MySheerID: custom metadata tracking and default verification limits."
release: August 7
layout: news
---

{% include release-note-head.html %}

## Custom campaign analytics tracking

Many of our customers want to tie the performance of verification programs back to the marketing campaigns that drove users to them.

For example, when a user clicks a link in a marketing email or Facebook ad, that link contains a campaign parameter (e.g. utm_campaign). Passing this value through to the verification report helps you identify the best performing campaigns and optimize your marketing efforts.

Now you can track campaign and other custom metadata in [MySheerID](https://my.sheerid.com){:target="_blank"}, without
needing to rely on our Client Delivery team. Define the metadata to be tracked along with your verifications, such as the utm_campaign or any
key-value pair that you wish to include in your reporting.

In your program's settings page, turn on [metadata options]({{ 'manage-programs/program-settings#metadata-options' | relative_url }}) and define the keys you wish to track. When calling our verification URL,
simply pass us your defined key with the appropriate value as a parameter, e.g., `https://services.sheerid.com/verify/<YOUR_PROGRAM_ID>/?utm_campaign=back_to_school` and we will store the data
alongside the SheerID verificationID for reporting purposes.

Later, you can access this data by downloading a verification report and/or using our API to [get the verification metadata]({{ 'rest-api#operation/getVerificationMetadata' | relative_url }}){:target="_blank"}.

In the example of passing in utm_campaign, you can download the verification report and run a pivot table to see which traffic sources are yielding the most approved verifications.
In the example of passing in a userID, you can also [set up a webhook]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/tutorials/webhooks.md %}); when that webhook URL is notified of an approved verification, you can query our API to ask for the userID of that approved consumer.

{% include image.md name="Metadata" %}

{% include image.md name="Metadata Example" %}

## Smart fraud prevention settings for new programs

All programs made in [MySheerID](https://my.sheerid.com){:target="_blank"} going forward will
have a default verification limit to ensure smart fraud prevention is in place. The new setting defaults to 1x every 180 days, meaning an individual may only redeem your offer once in
a 180-day period.

{% include image.md name="Default Verification Limit" %}

