---
title: August 04 Release
date: "2021-08-04"
categories: [release]
toc: true
description: "This release features new install scripts in MySheerID, a new capability in the Customer Service Search tool as well as a change to the data returned by the Details endpoint."
release: August 04
layout: news
---

{% include release-note-head.html %}

## New install scripts in MySheerID

We added new content to the install step in MySheerID, giving you more guidance on all the supported options for installing a program on your website. Scripts and instructions for a modal, embedded iframe and new page are included.

{% include image.md name="Embedded Page Install" %}

## Purge PII capability in Customer Service Search tool

With this release we made it possible for you to purge a consumer’s Personally Identifiable Information (PII) in the Customer Service Search tool in MySheerID. Privacy regulations dictate that consumers have the right to request that their data be removed and this capability assists you in honoring those requests. Any of your users with the Customer Service Manager [role]({{ 'manage-users#permissions' | relative_url }}) can now locate a request and click “Purge PII“ to initiate a request to purge that consumer’s data and documents. We also log the user’s information and the datetime of the request for audit purposes and display that information with the request as confirmation that the data purge request was received.

{% include image.md name="Purge Pii Button" %}

## Additional data returned by Details endpoint

At the request of several of you, we added additional data to the [details]({{ 'rest-api#operation/getVerificationDetails' | relative_url }}){:target="blank"} endpoint, which is used to retrieve information about individual requests via the API. The confirmedSegments section now supplies data such as the segment, organization and segment-specific data such as someone’s military status, start date and end date.
