---
title: July 21 Release
date: "2021-07-21"
categories: [release]
toc: true
description: "This release features changes to cloning behavior, how a program operates in Test Mode as well as a new permission related to the customer service search tool"
release: July 21
layout: news
---

{% include release-note-head.html %}

## Easier program cloning

You can now use MySheerID to fully clone a program for either the same consumer community or a new one. Any edits to text, colors, emails, and advanced settings are copied over to the cloned program. To access the feature, hover over the 3 dot menu on the My Programs page. This makes it much easier for you to launch programs for multiple segments, since you don’t have to manually recreate any customizations every time.

{% include image.md name="Clone Program" %}

## Updated Test Mode behavior

We updated how programs operate when in [Test Mode]({{ '/getting-started#test-program' | relative_url }}). If there are codes present on the program, a code will be given out. This will make it easier for you to test the full end-to-end consumer journey of seeing the offer, getting successfully verified, and then applying the offer to a purchase.

## Marketing consent collection on by default

The [marketing consent checkbox]({{ 'manage-programs/program-settings#marketing-consent' | relative_url }}) is now turned on by default for all new programs. This helps you gather explicit permission to be able to market to and re-engage all your consumers who fill in your verification form. The feature can be turned off in MySheerID by going to the program’s advanced settings.

## New customer service search permission

At the request of clients we added a new “Customer Service Specialist” [permission]({{ 'manage-users#permissions' | relative_url }}) which controls whether users have access to view and download documents from the Customer Service Search tool. The ability to view and download documents is granted to all Customer Service Managers as well. This new permission was assigned to all current users with the Customer Service permission. Admins can remove this permission if they choose in MySheerID.

## Updated documentation

We updated this site with new content on the following topics:

- [Modifying definition of offer eligibility]({{ 'manage-programs/program-settings#eligible-subsegments' | relative_url }}), through selection of sub-segments
- [The “No code” option]({{ '/getting-started#select-promo-codes' | relative_url }}), for clients not using coupon codes
- How to [test the consumer journey]({{ '/getting-started#test-program' | relative_url }})
- Troubleshooting [install of our modal code snippet]({{ 'tutorials/iframe-scripts#troubleshooting-the-modal-display' | relative_url }})
