---
layout: default
title: Reference
nav_order: 9
permalink: /reference
has_children: true
description: Development resources for the SheerID REST API and JavaScript library.
toc: true
---

{% include mainTitleForDocs.html title=page.title description=page.description %}

## API Reference

For an introduction to the SheerID REST API, take a look at [REST API]({{ 'api-quickstart' | relative_url }}).


For the complete reference, see:

* [REST API 2.0 Reference](/rest-api)
* [Swagger specification](https://services.sheerid.com/rest/v2/swagger.yaml)

## Required Fields

We strive to keep the number of required fields to a minimum for each verification type.

Some fields may not be used as determinative factors in a verification, yet may still be required. For example, we don't need a person's email address to identify their student status, but we do need it to send them an offer code. Or a field may not be used in an instant verification, but we will need it if the verification requires a manual review.

This reference will help you determine the minimum number of fields you need to capture per targeted segment. If you are running multiple offers across differrent segments, you may wish to gather fields that are optional for one segment but required for another, to assist in your retargeting activities.

{% include required-fields.html %}

## JavaScript Library Reference

For an introduction to the SheerID JavaScript library, take a look at our [JavaScript Library]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/js-library.md %}) getting started guide.

For details on the available functions and methods, see: [JavaScript Library Reference](/jslib-api)

## Flow Diagrams

Verification flows conform to the same basic principles, regardless of the segment. However, certain steps may vary
slightly, as information requirements are different from segment to segment. The diagrams below show the specific
flow diagrams for segments supported by the SheerID self-service app and corresponding 2.0 JavaScript and REST APIs.

### US Student {#student-flow}

Verify US college student status from our data sources including over 20 million students.

{% include image.md name="Student Flow" %}

### Military {#military-flow}

Verify active military, veterans and retirees in the US from our database of over 28 million.

{% include image.md name="Military Flow" %}

### Age {#age-flow}

Verify US and international seniors and young adults. Our data sources include:

* 110M+ US seniors (50+)
* 778M+ Non-US seniors
* 55M+ US young adults (18-30)
* 590M+ non-US young adults

Available for any age over 18.

{% include image.md name="Age Flow" %}

### First Responder {#first-responder-flow}

Verify First Responders from our database of over 1.5 million police, EMTs, and firefighters in the US.

{% include image.md name="First Responder Flow" %}

### Teacher {#teacher-flow}

Verify users from our database of over 3 million teachers and 1 million faculty members at
institutions of higher learning.

{% include image.md name="Teacher Flow" %}

### Medical Professional {#medical-professional-flow}

Verify Medical Professionals from our database of over 4 million registered nurses and over 1 million doctors in the US.

{% include image.md name="Medical Professional Flow" %}

## TLS Certificates

Effective April 2, 2021, SheerID will no longer use [SSL wildcard certificates](https://knowledge.digicert.com/generalinformation/INFO900.html){:target='_blank'} for `services.sheerid.com`, `my.sheerid.com`, and `offers.sheerid.com`.
Other sheerid.com sites will continue to use a wildcard certificate. All certificates will be signed by our new certificate authority provider, Amazon.

### SheerID Certificate Authority

The following TLS certificates will be put in place on April 2, 2021:

| Hostname |Authority |
|---|---|
| services.sheerid.com | Amazon |
| my.sheerid.com | Amazon |
| offers.sheerid.com | Amazon |
| *.sheerid.com (used by verify.sheerid.com and some legacy programs) | Amazon |

Before this change SheerID used a single *.sheerid.com TLS certificate generated by a different authority: **DigiCert, Inc.** Please make any necessary changes to support the new certificates and Authority listed above.

{% include note.html content="In most instances, no work will be required on your part to accommodate this change. However, if you employ site-specific behaviors for TLS certificates, you may need to adjust your certificate stores." %}

## Static IP Addressing

Many SheerID customers maintain firewalls, aka Access Control Lists (ACL) to govern traffic to and from SheerID.

Provided below are SheerID's ACL entries for your outbound and inbound IP traffic.

{% include important.html content="As of the release of the 2.0 version of the SheerID platform, we no longer maintain a separate sandbox environment for testing. All of your programs are hosted in the same environment with configuration flags for Test or Live mode.

If you have questions about legacy production/sandbox environments, contact [productsupport@sheerid.com](mailto:productsupport@sheerid.com) or see our [Migration Guides](/migration-guides)." %}

### Outbound API Requests

The associated IP addresses should be added to the firewall/network ACL for outbound HTTPS traffic via port 443.

**Outbound entries**:

```text
Hostname: services.sheerid.com
IP Addresses: 13.248.160.105 | 76.223.33.86
```
### Inbound Notifications (HTTP Notifier)

HTTP Notifiers are optional callbacks that can be set up to notify your server of various SheerID verification activities. Accounts with provisioned HTTP notifiers will receive notifications initiating from the IP addresses shown below. These notifications will be submitted as HTTPS requests via port 443 to a [webhook URL]({{ 'manage-programs/program-settings#webhooks' | relative_url }}) that you define (optional).

**Inbound entries**:

```text
Hostname: notifications.sheerid.com
IP Addresses: 44.234.246.67 | 52.4.200.14 | 52.43.240.185 | 54.70.188.131 | 54.209.170.78 | 54.236.234.189
```
